Client: first stable release v0.1.0 🎉 (#1499)
ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo: packages/client/README.md

## INSTALL

```shell
npm install -g @ethereumjs/client
```

> For development purposes the client can be also used like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For development purposes the client can also be set up like this:
```
